[docs-only] Add README for idp service (#5622)
owncloud/ocis: services/idp/README.md

# IDP Service

This service provides a builtin minimal OpenID Connect provider based on
[LibreGraph Connect (lico)[https://github.com/libregraph/lico] for oCIS.

It is mainly targeted at smaller installations. For larger setups it is
recommended to replace IDP with and external OpenID Connect Provider.

> By default it is configured to use the ocis service IDM as its LDAP backend for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, it is configured to use the ocis IDM service as its LDAP backend for
```

> looking up and authenticating users. Other backends (e.g. an external LDAP
> server) can be configure via a set of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
looking up and authenticating users. Other backends like an external LDAP
server can be configured via a set of
```
